I was born and raisins of notoriously
rough district whispering um assassin I
wrote the song when I was about 7 years
old spear and told live growing up being
against from Hamilton sort of affected
me know it's called on sleazy player yo
crazy ass whisperer breeding shit
motherfucker you're warm a badass wrap a
pistol whippin Jose and a fairly regular
now Oh yo I love masoom I get to have
hours a day and when I'm not him but not
sleeping i love to play drugs it's a
game that I play where I literally just
take your home and my crew with my
bitches at horse and if you kill one of
my brothers and up to one of yours and I
won't invite you to my party and you
know my parties are fun I got lasers of
a koozie getting it on and they ain't
leavin til six in the morning cuz they
brought their sleeping bags and they're
leaving early in the morning for work
but you're not invited so don't get
overexcited but I guess you know i'm
short-sighted so with you came i wouldn
t you comin cuz you know whether we're
my spectacles and public alike
motherfucking bitch ah-choo how not to
get paid once i can remember me on a
computer game and that's easily
transferable to real life with a gun a
grenade or just a bread knife because
I'm a weapon venture then you're just
looking and you're making me sick as I'm
allergic to pussies yeah i also have an
allergy to yogurt